翻译编辑器布局 (#1611)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/editor-layout/index.md

# Editor Layout

Editor layout is the position, size and stacking of each panel in Cocos Creator.

Select the **Cocos Creator -> Layout** menu in the main menu, currently only **Default Layout** is supported. Based on the default layout, it is allowed to continue to adjust the position and size of each panel. Changes to the layout are automatically saved in the global directory at:

- **Windows**: `%USERPROFILE%\.CocosCreator\editor\window.json`
- **macOS**: `$HOME/.CocosCreator/editor/window.json`

## Resizing panel

Hover the mouse over the boundary line between the two panels and see the mouse pointer become ![mouse-cursor](index/mouse-cursor.jpg), then press the mouse, the boundary line will turn yellow, then drag the mouse to change the size of the two adjacent panels.

![resize](index/resize.png)

> > **Note**: some panels are set to the minimum size, when dragging to the minimum size limit, you can't continue to shrink the panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: some panels are set to the minimum size, when dragging to the minimum size limit, shrinking the panel cannot continue.
```
